All right.
So in this lesson, we'll introduce another way that we can solve the duplication problem from a couple
lessons ago.
And it is this instead of using the before each function, what we can do is write our own function,
whose responsibility it will be to generate some kind of object for us.
So for example, we can write a function to generate this wrapper object for us.
And in our function body we can invoke these shallow amount function and have it return the value of
the wrapper.
And that way in every single test we can simply invoke that function and have access to its return value.
So it's a very similar idea to before each, except we move more away from the just framework and more
to vanilla JavaScript, which can sometimes be beneficial because it moves away from the framework and
brings us closer to the core language, which is less likely to change.
Now I propose that we take a slightly different path and that is that our function is going to return,
not the actual wrapper component, but just this configuration object right here, the one that enables
the global stubs and router link properties.
And the reason why I want to go with this approach is so that in every test we can still invoke the
shallow mount function and communicate exactly what it is that we are testing and communicate that we
are using shallow mount.
And the way I like to think about it, if it is, it's a little bit unclear, which I apologize for
is kind of like this.
If the user is going to scroll up in our file to find some kind of detail, I'd like for that detail
to be kind of irrelevant to the test.
So I prefer the user not have the scroll at all, but if they have to, I don't want them to search
for a somewhere in the file where a critical definition is.
So in regards to what we currently have, the reason I don't like this implementation exactly is if
I go down, for example, to the very last test and I open this file three months from now, I'm not
going to be sure what wrapper is and thus have to scroll up and find that wrapper is defined right here
but only assigned right here and now.
I know it is actually a mounted component from view test details.
It's kind of hard to figure out when you have not been the person who wrote this file or when you come
back to it and after a certain passage of time.
Conversely, if I look at this configuration object, I really don't care about knowing this detail
in every test.
I know that something has to stub out my router link component, but we're really not testing much of
the mechanics of router link.
In most of our tests we don't really care.
And thus if the user has a scroll up to find this supplementary information, it's not critical to understanding
the purpose of the test or how it's supposed to run.
So let me show you what we're going to do.
And then I think it'll be a lot easier to justify the decision to have a factory function that returns
a config object instead of the entire wrapper.
So right here I'll define a function.
In fact, let me get rid of our variable declaration in line.
I'll just create a function called create config.
We can totally wrap a arrow function inside an arrow function.
There's nothing wrong with that.
It's just going to exist within scope.
And all this function will do is return a plain JavaScript object.
So I can use this syntax where I have a function body and I return a JavaScript object.
But there is a shorthand syntax for this.
We can implicitly return it by default.
And so in order to do that, we first have to create a pair of parentheses like so, and then inside
it we specify our JavaScript object and that object will serve as the return value of the create config
function when it's invoked.
So what do I want to return here?
I want to return this object right here.
So it's our complete configuration object with the global property stubs, property, etc. So right
here I'm going to get rid of my before each entirely as well.
And I'm basically going to go back to the old code that I used to have, but it's going to be a little
bit different.
So I'm still going to say const wrapper and I'm still going to shallow amount, my main nav component.
But this time around, instead of providing that complex configuration object that really doesn't affect
the test as a whole, here is where I'm going to invoke my create config function.
This function, by the way, is what's called a factory function.
It's called the factory function because it operates very much like a factory in the real world.
You can think of a factory that produces cars or computers, right?
It's just a function whose responsibility it is to spit out some constant thing over and over again.
So our create config function is just spitting out this constant config object each time.
And that's exactly what it's doing here.
And again, it may not seem apparent, but the benefit I think to this approach is we immediately have
a better sense of what wrapper represents.
We have a better sense that we are using shallow amount, that we are fundamentally testing the main
NAV component.
And if we do have to scroll up to see what Create Configures, I'm sort of implicitly communicating
to myself that it's not super important.
It's probably helpful information, but it doesn't really affect.
This thing under test, right?
We want to shallow mount a main nav component and we want to ensure that bubble carriers appear somewhere
there.
But this extra config is sort of supplemental.
Again, some people may disagree and think this is not true and this is just as confusing or less confusing.
It's just a different way to think about this problem.
We are showing what we are mounting in every test which forces the user to not have to scroll back up
to see what wrapper represents.
So I'm going to copy this code to all of our tests.
And so it's kind of a midway point.
We have a little bit more duplication than in the previous lesson, but certainly less than we had in
the two lessons ago.
So we're still using shallow amount, we're still using May now, but we don't have to copy that whole
configuration object each time.
So we can put it right here, save the file, and when we run it, we should see everything pass.
So now again, a user may see this, and if they don't scroll up, that's totally fine because they
still understand the context of what wrapper is supposed to represent and what is the core element that
is under test, which is main NAV.
And the implementation that we had at the start of this lesson I feel didn't communicate that as effectively,
but obviously can be a matter of opinion and can certainly vary from developer to developer.
So regardless, I think this is a good place to leave the test suite.
Our original goal was just to fix our warnings and we figured out how to do that using the Global Stubs
property and providing the router link stub component to replace the real use of the router link child
component in May.
Now we've solved that fundamental problem that came from the View Router Library.
So with that, we are good to wrap up this section and review everything that we've learned.